:pencil2: typo in Wiregard documentation (#177)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/wireguard-client.rst

Since WireGuard Plugin is still in development you have to switch via :menuselection:`System --> Firmware --> Settings`
the **Release Type** to **Development**. After this go to :menuselection:`System --> Firmware --> Plugins` and search

> for **os-wireguard-devel**.  Install the plugin as usual, refresh the page and you'll find the client 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for **os-wireguard-devel**.  Install the plugin as usual, refresh the page and you will find the client 
```

while we are here get rid of the contraction as it is generally bad style in documentation
